TO DO LIST

WORK HUSTLE
1. Edit admins to be visible in db 
2. Make “Filed by” reflect in table (DONE BY KUYA)
3. Incident details doesnt mirror in edit details page (DONE BY B)
4. Filter search ticket (TRISH PAGAWA NALANG TO)
5. Close case button 
6. Then redirect to Incident history 
7. Return to incident page when re opened
8. Indicate who edited the remarks 
9. Add account only accessible to DIDM and ITMS 
10. Time closed of the ticket and how long it was running (Incident Management History)
11. Generate reports
12. Can delete account admin

REVISIONS
1. Remove email address (DONE BY PAU)
2. Remarks timestamp when the remarks was created and who placed the remarks
3. Archive of files 
access:

COMPLAINANT
username: trishy
password: jack

ADMIN
username: admin 
password: try123

Duty Investigator
- who can edit remarks

ITMS admin
- receives the error complaints
- assign the level of prioritization
- check if the error is already fixed

USER (except ITMS admin)
- Filed error complaints
- view / monitor their complaints
- re open their complaints 

DASHBOARD INFO DATA SHIT
1. How many cases in UNDER INVESTI, CLEARED, SOLVED ranging from (WEEKLY MONTHLY AND YEARLY BASIS)  
- Line chart for each status
4. ratings of survey per category(ilan nagsabi mahusay etcccc, ilan nagsabi need progress) -
- BAR CHART HORIZONTAL for each questions


Screen Cap the Following in the system (trish will do the screen cap kaya need makita working features of the ff):
Log in page flow for Complainant side
1.	iTrack Homepage login for complainant
2.	iTrack Sign up page for complainant
Feedback &Viewing of filed cases for complainant
1.	iTrack Feedback Page for Complainant
2.	iTrack Feedback comments & suggestion tab
3.	iTrack Viewing of filed cases for complainant
4.	iTrack viewing of remarks for requirements
Log in page flow for Admin side
1.	iTrack Log in page for admin side
2.	iTrack Viewing of complaints admin side
3.	iTrack search and sort function for filed cases admin side
Viewing of Feedback Results for admin side
1.	iTrack Home Page Feedback button
2.	iTrack Feedback Home Page
Viewing of Dashboard for admin side
1.	iTrack Home Page Dashboard button
2.	iTrack Dashboard Home Page
Incident Management Log admin side (PNP USERS)
	
Incident Management log admin side (Department Users)




User	Privileges
Admin	
1. Creating an account 
-	Add new account(DONE)
-	Delete old account
-	Edit information in the account
2. Log in
-	Logging in using the username and password for admin (DONE\)
3. Change password
-	After logging in using the default password, the admin can change his/her password.
4. View dashboards
- The admin can view the dashboard that is generated from feedback.
- Download report from dashboard
- Print report from dashboard
7. Monitor complaints from iTrack
-	Check the status of the complaint if it’s “solve” or still “Under Investigation”, “Solved”, “Cleared”. (DONE)
8. Write in the Incident Log
     -      Can create an incident report if a problem occurred within    
            the system.
9. Log out
-	After the admin log-out, he/she will be redirected to the Login page.


Duty Investigator	
1. Log in
-	 Logging in using the username and password for Duty Investigator.
2. Add Remarks
-	Duty investigator can add new remarks in the complaints. (DONE PERO NAPUPUNTA SA IBANG COLUMN)
3. Monitor the complaints 
4. Write in the Incident Log
     -      Can create an incident report if a problem occurred within    
            the system.
5. Log out
-	After the duty investigator log-out, he/she will be redirected to the Login page.


Desk Officer	
1. Log in
-	Logging in using the username and password for Duty Investigator.
2. View the complaints
-	The desk officer can view the status of the complaints in case there are complainants that are still going to the precinct.
3. Log out
-	After the desk officer log out, he/she will be redirected to the Login page.


Complainant	
1. Sign up
     -     The Complainant can sign up in the website to access the      
           system with the access code
2. Log in
-	The complainant can log in to view the status of the case
3. Feedback
      -     The complainant is required to provide a feedback to view    
            the status of filed case.
4. Monitor the case
-	Can view the status of the case if it’s “Under Investigation”, “Solved”, “Cleared”.
5. View the requirements
-	The complainant can view the requirements that is needed for the case through remarks.
6. Log Out
-	After logging out, the complainant will be redirect to the homepage of iTrack.


Admin (ITMS)	
1. Manage Database
-	Edit Database
-	Restore Database
-	Backup Database
-	Delete Database
2. Maintenance of the system
-	Updating the system
-	Fixing bugs and errors of the system
3. Monitor and Maintain the Incident Management Log
-	Reviewing incident
-	Categorizing each incident
-	Solving each incident


UI
Scrollbar
- Signupcomplainant
- Feedback form